0.  Pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis is the longest word in the english dictionary
    and is a word that describes "a lung disease caused by inhaling very fine ash and sand dust"
1.  Retrns resource measures for who, which can be SELF, CHILDREN, or THREAD
2.  16 Members.
3.  Listing them as a reference as opposed to a value uses less memory, as the values are not 
    being modified, so references to their location in memory is more efficient. 
4.  The FOR loop in main does the following: 
    Looks at the stream file and reads in each progressive character as an int, until it gets to the end of the file. 
    It then back-converts each int (char) into an ASCII character and checks to make sure the char is an alphabetical value or 
    apostrophe. If it continues to find letters or apostrophes, it will move the index forward, until it reaches a terminating 
    value for the word or until it reaches the max number of characters. If it reaches the end of the word, or max valid chars, 
    the loop appends '\0' to state that the end of the word has been reached. Then it follows to check the words sequentially 
    against the  specified dictionary to see if they're in the dictionary file. If the word is not in the file the program prints 
    the mispelled word and increases the "misspellings" counter. After each word it resets the index and moves onto the next word 
    in the file. 
5.  The reason is probably related to the fact that fscanf with the %s qualifier stops at the first whitespace, but takes all 
    non-whitespace characters as acceptable (including numbers, and other symbols separate from letters and apostrophes). 
6.  Constant type declaration makes sure that the initial value can't be modified, which means that each word that's being checked 
    along with the dictionary can't be changed. Parameters for check and load are const pointers as a safety feature, becase we 
    don't want to allow changes to a read word or a dictionary word. 